Rebase tooling (#225)
js-temporal/temporal-polyfill: tools/rebasing.md

# Rebasing commits from upstream

> In order to stay up to date with changes to the specification, we rebase changes from the upstream repository into our main branch. This isn't a simple `git merge`, as our repos do not share history (and even if they did would almost never merge cleanly). To make this rebase less painful, there's some tooling that can be run to setup and walk through the rebase commit by commit, taking automated actions to resolve more trivial rebase conflicts.

Author: I didn't know about this! Cool. Done.

I wonder if there's a way to configure Prettier to do this automatically.

## Getting the latest changes

Make sure that your local copy of both the `pub` and `spec-pub` repositories are up to date: `git fetch pub && git fetch spec-pub`

Make sure your `main` branch is lined up with the `pub` main branch:

- `git checkout main && git merge --ff-only pub/main`

Initialize the test262 submodule if you haven't before:

 - `git submodule update`

Using the git log, determine the most recent upstream commit that was successfully migrated over using this tooling:

 - `git log --grep 'UPSTREAM_COMMIT=' pup/main`, take note of the commit hash from the description, denoted in this doc as LATEST_UPSTREAMED_COMMIT. Consider exporting this value in your terminal so you can reference it later in commands: `export LATEST_UPSTREAMED_COMMIT=<value>`

Install the rebase-tools dependencies:

 - `cd tools && npm ci`

Check that you can run the tool:

 - `npx ts-node rebase-upstream-commits.ts` should print out the tool's command-line help.

Throughout this document, we refer back to this command as `trt`, and we recommend you add an alias to your current terminal window that can run the tool:

 - `alias trt=$(npx ts-node rebase-upstream-commits.ts realcmd)`

>  - Note this alias refers to live paths, and so as you perform the rebase the content of the rebase tool might no longer be available.

Author: It might be possible that in some rebase step the current working tree of the repo no longer has any of the rebase tooling available. Because the alias just encodes that exact sequence of path to ts-node and path to the ts script it is likely to stop working in this scenario.

This is actually one scenario I haven't seen myself because I haven't run the tool from within the repo being rebased - I've always housed it somewhere else temporarily and then set the repo during the setup run (hence all the code in this to set a repo flag). I imagine once this is merged I'll have to update either these docs, the tool, or both, to fix it.

If rebasing the repo where the tool lives breaks it, then one possible workaround would be to bundle up ts-node and the script into some temporary bundle that could be stashed somewhere (in /tmp?) for the duration of the rebase. Know of anything like that?

>  - Note this alias refers to live paths, and so as you perform the rebase the content of the rebase tool might no longer be available.

Reviewer: Wow, nope sorry. Thanks for the explanation. You may want to think about how to recover manually from this weird case?

>  - Note this alias refers to live paths, and so as you perform the rebase the content of the rebase tool might no longer be available.

Author: I'm going to merge the rebase tooling into the repo and test it out, and I'll document any problems I run into and their resolution in a separate PR.

      - Example: `trt basediff -U40 -- polyfill/lib/ecmascript.mjs` for the upstream diff in `ecmascript.mjs` with 40 unified diff lines on each side of a change. 
 - You might decide halfway through to finish up on the rebase and resume it later. One way to do this is to finish rebasing the current commit, but before running `trt continue` to instead clear out the git rebase todo list: `git rebase --edit-todo` and then delete all the lines listed. Save that file and quit the editor, and then running `trt continue` will finish out the rebase. Don't forget to create a branch at that new commit to save all your hard work! `git checkout -b <my branch name here>`.

 ## Code Review

 When opening a rebasing PR, please add 12wrigja@ as a reviewer.

 We have GitHub Actions CI checks that validate the extensive Test262 test suite will still pass with any changes, as well as some linters and static analysis tools to help keep the codebase reasonably clean.

 Some general code-review tips:

>   - try to avoid using TypeScript's `any` type. If you aren't sure what types to use, feel free to use `any` and then request help in the code review from the reviewers to suggest or fix the types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Avoid using TypeScript's `any` type in final PRs.
    If you aren't sure what types to use, feel free to use `any` in your draft PR and then request help in the code review from the reviewers to suggest or fix the types.
```
